SHIBIN S P
Frontend Developer | UI UX Designer
As a recent graduate in Computer Science and Engineering, I am excited to bring my blend of technical expertise, creativity, and professionalism to a reputable company. A motivated team player with a strong foundation in front-end development and UI/UX design, I excel in delivering solutions that seamlessly merge functionality with aesthetics. My eﬀective communication skills, logical thinking, and collaborative approach make me an asset to any project. Eager to contribute to your team's success and showcase my skills in a professional setting








 
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Providence College of Engineering
2019 - 2023,	Chengannur-Alappuzha
Course
APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University

Higher Secondary Education in Computer Science
St.George Higher secondary school
2019,	Muttar-Alappuzha
Kerala State Higher Secondary Board
XII

High School
St.George Higher Secondary School
2017,	Muttar-Alappuzha


INTERNSHIPS
Artiﬁcial Intelligence
PACELAB
Completed a one-week internship on Artiﬁcial Intelligence (AI) at PaceLab in association with the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET)

Frontend Development Using Angular Framework
NeST Digital
Completed a one-week industrial immersion program on Frontend development using Angular Framework at NeST Digital
Deployed multiple Angular components and modules/Tasks
Immersed in Angular-based web development, created user- friendly applications.
Gained expertise in Html CSS Angular Material, and
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS


 

PROJECTS
An Attendance Management System using Face Recognition
Python with OpenCV for face recognition and real-time image processing. MongoDB for secure and scalable storage database , HTML/CSS/JavaScript for a user-friendly web interface designing.

An Android Application based Automatic Medicine Vending machine for Organizations using the Internet of Things
Created an Android application using Java in Android Studio, integrated with an IoT-based Automatic Medicine Vending Machine using ESP32 and Arduino IDE. Employed Figma for UI/UX design, Google Firebase as the real-time database, and GitHub for app hosting and version control.



CERTIFICATES
National Level Workshop on Build Humanoid Walking Robot
National Level Workshop on Build Humanoid Walking Robot organized by Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Roorkee

Workshop on Artiﬁcial Intelligence
Workshop on Artiﬁcial Intelligence Workshop on Artiﬁcial Intelligence organized by National Institute of Technology (NIT), Calicut

Fundamentals of UI/UX Design
Learned the fundametals of design experience and design aspects from Great Learning


LANGUAGES
 
TypeScript.

MEARN Full-Stack Development Intern
Luminar Technolab
09/2023 - Present,
Currently doing internship on full stack development Learning MongoDB, Express.js, Angular/React, and Node.jssks
Excited to grow in frontend (UI) and backend (DB, API)
development. Seeking a dynamic internship to apply and enhance skills.
 
English
Professional Working Proﬁciency


SOFT SKILLS

   

 
 
Malayalam
Full Professional Proﬁciency




